
Tests
=====

Location
--------

Utilities are split up into distinct packages. For each package should exist a test package
which contains the various tests (e.g. unit tests, integration tests, system tests, etc.).

Test Data
---------

Tests require test data. Ideally the test data is created from scratch by a script. When
working with an IDE such a script has to be invoked once. Depending on the actual tests it
may be necessary to invoke this script every time before a test. Not only a build should
be repeatable but also the creation of test data.

The creation script should be provided with a small explanation (i.e. how it works, how
to invoke, limitations, etc.). A small readme file should suffice for this purpose.

The deployment script have to be adapted in such a way that the test data will always be
generated by calling the provided scripts.

Classification
--------------

Tests can be classified by using annotations (see package Test). Not every test has the
same relevance and scope. Some tests may be more technical in nature, others just have
a functional view.

By writing a custom test runner it's possible to filter the relevant tests for a specific
view.

Coding Conventions
------------------

Following coding conventions exist so far:

1) The names of test classes should match '*Test.java'
2) Test packages are always preceded by 'test.'

The drawback with (2) is that classes with default or protected modifier cannot be seen.
If it's important to test such a class then ignore (2). The rationale for this rule was
to have the code and the corresponding tests separated even when provided within the
same source directory.
